# Data205 - capstone project
 
Data Mining For the Office of Science and Engineering Laboritories

My goal through this project is to promote Office of Science and Engineering (OSEL) work within the center and strengthen ties with other groups by measuring the productivity of regulatory research performed under OSEL. I plan on doing this in my project by assessing collaboration and productivity in the programs and divisions of Osel by analyzing the various variables in my dataset. Also, to identify the authors and evaluate their impacts in CDRH.

The assigned project from the FDA was a data mining project as part of a larger effort, wherein I was tasked with collecting data generated by specific keywords provided by the FDA. These keywords served as a navigational guide for sourcing the requisite data. To accomplish this, I conducted a meticulous search on the PubMed platform for each input keyword, systematically gathering the pertinent information. This involved the utilization of web scraping techniques to extract the desired data from PubMed and consolidate it into a cohesive Excel spreadsheet. 

Thus after webscraping through the affiliation of OSEL, the four divisions of OSEL, and combining this with the data provided to me by the FDA, I got my final dataset.

In this Repo these files are included;

DAM_webscrape.ipynb - webscraping code by the affiliation of Division of Applied Mechanics

DBCMS_Web_Scrape.ipynb - webscraping code by the affiliation of Division of Biology, Chemistry, and Material Science. Also, this file merges all the codes together

DBMP_webscrape.ipynb - webscraping code by the affiliation of Division of Biomedical Physics

DIDSR_Web_Scrape.ipynb  webscraping code by the affiliation of Division of Imaging, Diagnostics, and Software Reliability

OSEL_webscraping.ipynb - Web scraped data under the affiliation of OSEL

Original_inputs_refined_visual.ipynb - visualizations from the data provided origionally from the FDA

FDA updated publications - This is the final capstone project code with all the visualizations and statistics
